Added Anecdote Integration (ECOINT-2) (#2347)
DataDog/integrations-extras: anecdote/README.md

Reviewer: Please include the uninstallation steps for oauth as mentioned here: https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/integrations/oauth_for_integrations/#publish-the-oauth-client

# Agent Check: Anecdote

## Overview

Anecdote is an AI-driven platform that automatically detects, tracks, organizes, and prioritizes bugs reported by your customers in your customer feedback.  

> With Anecdote, developers can ensure that no customer-reported bug goes unnoticed. Our app meticulously analyzes all of your fragmented feedback sources in near-real time, making it simpler to address issues promptly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Anecdote, developers can ensure that no customer-reported bug goes unnoticed. Our app meticulously analyzes all of your fragmented feedback sources in near-real-time, making it easier to promptly address issues.
```

> Anecdote monitors customer feedback from more than 80 sources, including support tickets from Zendesk, Intercom, Freshdesk, and others; public reviews from platforms like the App Store, Google Play, and Trustpilot; social media comments on Twitter, Reddit, Facebook; and customer surveys from SurveyMonkey, Typeform, Medallia, etc. By aggregating and analyzing user-reported bugs in a unified dashboard, developers gain a comprehensive view of customer feedback, enabling them to prioritize and address issues more effectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anecdote monitors customer feedback from more than 80 sources, including:

- Support tickets (Zendesk, Intercom, Freshdesk, and others)
- Public reviews (App Store, Google Play, and Trustpilot)
- Social media comments on Twitter, Reddit, Facebook
- Customer surveys (SurveyMonkey, Typeform, Medallia, and others)

By aggregating and analyzing user-reported bugs in a unified dashboard, developers gain a comprehensive view of customer feedback, enabling them to prioritize and address issues more effectively.
```

## Setup

### Configuration

> - Sign in into your [Anecdote account][1].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Sign into your [Anecdote account][1].
```

> - Sign in into you [Anecdote account] [2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Sign in into your [Anecdote account][1].
```

- Navigate to the Integrations section.
- Find the Datadog integration.

> - Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located; you will then be redirected to the Datadog website where you need to authenticate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. You will then be redirected to the Datadog website where you need to authenticate your Datadog account with the integration.
```

> - Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. You will then be redirected to the Datadog website where you need to authenticate your Datadog account with the integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. You are then redirected to the Datadog website where you need to authenticate your Datadog account with the integration.
```

> - After logging in, install the Anecdote application within Datadog, and you will receive the Anecdote dashboard titled "Anecdote: Bug Reports".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- After logging in, install the Anecdote application within Datadog. This adds "Anecdote: Bug Reports" to your list of Dashboards in Datadog.
```

### Validation

> To validate the connection health you can check Anecdote's dashboard, where you can see bug reports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To validate the connection health you can check Anecdote's dashboard, where you can see bug reports.
```

> To validate the connection health you can check Anecdote's dashboard, where you can see bug reports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To validate the connection health, you can check Anecdote's dashboard, where you can see bug reports.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> See metadata.csv for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See `metadata.csv` for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

## Support

> Need help? Contact [Anecdote Support][1].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Anecdote Support][2].
```

> [1]: hello@anec.app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1]: app.anecdoteai.com
```

> [2]: app.anecdoteai.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[2]: mailto:hello@anec.app
```

# Agent Check: Anecdote

## Overview

Anecdote is an app designed to help you track, prioritize, and notify your team about bugs reported in customer feedback, ensuring you're always there to support your customers the moment they encounter an issue.

Anecdote's AI scans all your customer feedback, finds and groups together bug reports, and then creates instant reports and alerts for you.

**How does it work?**

Anecdote can tell if feedback is about a bug just by understanding the words used (semantically). It also groups, summarizes, and spots trends in these bugs to help prioritize them better.

We cover more than 80 sources, including:

- **Public feedback** from places like App Stores, Google Play, Twitter, Reddit, Discord, G2, Google Maps, Instagram, and Facebook.
- **Customer support** tools such as Zendesk, Intercom, Freshdesk, Gorgias, Kustomer, and HubSpot.
- **Survey platforms** like SurveyMonkey, Typeform, Delighted, and SurveySparrow.

The Anecdote dashboard within Datadog enables you to track where customers report bugs, assess the severity of these bugs, and identify which bugs are most frequent, helping you to prioritize efficiently.

> We also send alerts for specific bugs into Slack and email so that you’re alerted where you work.

Reviewer: The overview should include: 
	1	What does your product do in 1-2 sentences
	2	What will customers get from this integration (the value of the integration & why it's helpful)
	3	What specific data your integration monitors and the value?

Author: Changed

## Setup

### Configuration

- If you haven’t already, Sign up for Anecdote for free and add every customer feedback source you want to monitor.
- Authenticate and connect your Anecdote account to Datadog in integration’s.

> - In the Dashboard > Dashboard List, add Anecdote’s dashboard.

Reviewer: This should include the steps for OAuth starting from Datadog

Reviewer: It looks like this is still showing that the OAuthprocess starts within Anecdote. Please update the instructions to start from Datadog. For example, 1. Click Connect Accounts 2. Log in to Anecdote .. etc

# Agent Check: Anecdote

## Overview

Anecdote is an AI-driven platform that automatically detects, tracks, organizes, and prioritizes bugs reported by users from your customer feedback.  

With Anecdote, developers can ensure that no customer-reported bug goes unnoticed. Our app meticulously analyzes all of your fragmented feedback sources in near-real-time, making it easier to promptly address issues.

Anecdote monitors customer feedback from more than 80 sources, including:

- Support tickets (Zendesk, Intercom, Freshdesk, and others)
- Public reviews (App Store, Google Play, and Trustpilot)

> - Social media comments on Twitter, Reddit, Facebook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Social media comments on Twitter, Reddit, and Facebook
```

- Customer surveys (SurveyMonkey, Typeform, Medallia, and others)

By aggregating and analyzing user-reported bugs in a unified dashboard, developers gain a comprehensive view of customer feedback, enabling them to prioritize and address issues more effectively.

## Setup

### Configuration

- Go to the Datadog website and log into your account.
- Find and select the Anecdote integration.
- Sign into your [Anecdote account][1].
- Navigate to the Integrations section.
- Find the Datadog integration.
- Enter the region where your Datadog workspace is located. You are then redirected to the Datadog website where you need to authenticate your Datadog account with the integration.
- After logging in, install the Anecdote application within Datadog. This adds "Anecdote: Bug Reports" to your list of Dashboards in Datadog.

### Validation

To validate the connection health, you can check Anecdote's dashboard, where you can see bug reports.

## Uninstallation

> - Sign into your [Anecdote account][1].

Reviewer: @atyulyutaev please see above

> - Sign into your [Anecdote account][1].

Reviewer: @atyulyutaev please add uninstallation instructions

- Navigate to the Integrations section.

> - Find the Datadog integration and delete the integration via button.

Author: it is button with trash icon 
![image](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/assets/60700878/43105c5f-888c-4e10-9b8a-84270ee76070)

> - Find the Datadog integration and delete the integration via button.

Reviewer 2: ok updated my suggestion, thanks!

# Agent Check: Anecdote

## Overview

Anecdote continuously monitors customer feedback from sources like app store reviews and customer support tickets. With this integration, Anecdote sends any feedback that is classified as a bug to Datadog, in addition to the meta information that is available (version, operating system, etc.).

> For every new reported bug, Anecdote sends an event to Datadog so you can create a case or an incident. On top of that, the solution enables correlation analysis of machine signals (like CPU utilization) with user-reported signals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For every new reported bug, Anecdote sends an event to Datadog so you can create a case or an incident. In addition, the solution enables correlation analysis of machine signals (like CPU utilization) with user-reported signals.
```

> Using customer feedback data logs, you can significantly shorten the MTTR and systematically discover hard to replicate issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using customer feedback data logs, you can significantly shorten the mean time to respond (MTTR) and systematically discover hard to replicate issues.
```

- Customer surveys (SurveyMonkey, Typeform, Medallia, and others)

By aggregating and analyzing user-reported bugs in a unified dashboard, developers gain a comprehensive view of customer feedback, enabling them to prioritize and address issues more effectively.

## Setup

### Configuration

1. In Datadog, go to **Integrations** and search for Anecdote.

2. On the Anecdote integration page, click **Install** to install the integration.

3. After installation is complete, click **Connect Accounts** to connect your Anecdote and Datadog accounts.

4. You are redirected to the Anecdote login page. Log in with your Anecdote credentials.

5. Once you are signed into Anecdote, navigate to the Integrations section.

6. In the Integrations section, search for and select the Datadog integration.

7. Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. This ensures the integration points to the correct Datadog server.

8. You are redirected to Datadog to authenticate your account. Log in with your Datadog credentials.

9. After logging into Datadog, install the Anecdote application. This adds "Anecdote: Bug Reports" to your list of dashboards in Datadog.

> 10. In Anecdoate, verify the integration is successfully connected. You should see a confirmation message or the integration status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. In Anecdote, verify the integration is successfully connected. You should see a confirmation message or the integration status.
```

11. Once the integration is verified, you can start using Anecdote to send bug reports directly to Datadog and monitor them in the Dashboards page.

### Validation

To validate connection health, you can check the Anecdote dashboard in Datadog, which displays bug reports related to your app.

> ## Uninstallation

Reviewer: Please update this per https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/2347/files#r1593087712

Author: Could you provide more details, please, I do not understand, what I need to change here

- Sign into your [Anecdote account][1].
- Navigate to the Integrations section.
- Find the Datadog integration and click the delete icon to remove the integration.

## Data Collected

### Metrics
See `metadata.csv` for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

## Support

Need help? Contact [Anecdote Support][2].

> [1]: app.anecdoteai.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1]: https://app.anecdoteai.com
```

# Agent Check: Anecdote

## Overview

> Anecdote continuously monitors customer feedback, such as app store reviews and customer support tickets. Anecdote then sends any feedback that is classified as a bug to Datadog. It also sends the meta information that is available (version, operating system, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anecdote continuously monitors customer feedback from sources like app store reviews and customer support tickets. With this integration, Anecdote sends any feedback that is classified as a bug to Datadog, in addition to the meta information that is available (version, operating system, etc.).
```

> For every new reported bug, Anecdote sends an event to Datadog, so developers can create a case or an incident. On top of that, the solution enables correlation analysis of machine signals (like CPU utilization) with user-reported signals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For every new reported bug, Anecdote sends an event to Datadog so you can create a case or an incident. On top of that, the solution enables correlation analysis of machine signals (like CPU utilization) with user-reported signals.
```

> Using customer feedback data logs, developers can significantly shorten MTTR and systematically discover hard to replicate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using customer feedback data logs, you can significantly shorten the MTTR and systematically discover hard to replicate issues.
```

- Social media comments on Twitter, Reddit, and Facebook
- Customer surveys (SurveyMonkey, Typeform, Medallia, and others)

By aggregating and analyzing user-reported bugs in a unified dashboard, developers gain a comprehensive view of customer feedback, enabling them to prioritize and address issues more effectively.

## Setup

### Configuration

1. **Go to the Anecdote integration**
   - Visit the Anecdote integration page in your Datadog application.

2. **Click Install to install the integration**
   - On the Anecdote integration page, click the "Install" button to begin the installation process.

3. **Click Connect [Accounts][1]**
   - After clicking "Install," you are prompted to connect your Anecdote account with your Datadog account. Click "Connect Accounts" to proceed.

4. **Sign into your Anecdote account**
   - You are redirected to the Anecdote login page. Enter your Anecdote account credentials to sign in.

5. **Navigate to the Integrations section**
   - Once signed in, navigate to the Integrations section within your Anecdote account.

6. **Find the Datadog integration**
   - In the Integrations section, search for and select the Datadog integration.

> 7. **Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. This ensures the integration points to the correct Datadog server.
```

>    - Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. This ensures that the integration points to the correct Datadog server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 8. **Authenticate your Datadog account with the integration**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. You are redirected to Datadog to authenticate your account. Log in with your Datadog credentials.
```

>    - You are redirected to the Datadog website to authenticate your Datadog account. Log in with your Datadog credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 9. **Install the Anecdote application within Datadog**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. After logging into Datadog, install the Anecdote application. This adds "Anecdote: Bug Reports" to your list of dashboards in Datadog.
```

>    - After logging into Datadog, install the Anecdote application within the Datadog environment. This adds "Anecdote: Bug Reports" to your list of Dashboards in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 10. **Verify the integration**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. In Anecdoate, verify the integration is successfully connected. You should see a confirmation message or the integration status.
```

>     - Return to Anecdote and verify that the integration is successfully connected. You should see a confirmation message or the status of the integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 11. **Start using the integration**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Once the integration is verified, you can start using Anecdote to send bug reports directly to Datadog and monitor them in the Dashboards page.
```

>     - Once the integration is verified, you can start using Anecdote to send bug reports directly to Datadog and monitor them in your Datadog Dashboards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Validation

> To validate the connection health, you can check Anecdote's dashboard, where you can see bug reports.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this could be more specific?

dashboard in Anecdote or Datadog? Which bug reports to look out for?

Author: Update, could you review again please?

Reviewer 2: Hi @atyulyutaev, I'm not seeing anything new for this line. Can you verify?

Also, FYI, it might be easier for you to go to the **Files changed** for GitHub, then click **Add suggestion to batch**, then you can accept all suggestions in one click at the top.

Author: Thank you for the hint!
Could you check the file in files changed tab?

## Overview

> Anecdote continuously monitors customer feedback, like app store reviews, customer support tickets. Anecdote then classifies weather this feedback is a bug, and then sends it this to datadog, including entire meta information available: version, os, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anecdote continuously monitors customer feedback, such as app store reviews and customer support tickets. Anecdote then sends any feedback that is classified as a bug to Datadog. It also sends the meta information that is available (version, operating system, etc.).
```

> For every new reported bug, Anecdote sends an event to Datadog, so developer can create a case or an incident. On top of that, the solution enables correlation analysis of machine signals (like cpu utilization), with user reported signals

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For every new reported bug, Anecdote sends an event to Datadog, so developers can create a case or an incident. On top of that, the solution enables correlation analysis of machine signals (like CPU utilization) with user-reported signals.
```

> Using the logs of customer feedback data, developers can significantly shorten MTTR and systematically discover hard to repoicate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using customer feedback data logs, developers can significantly shorten MTTR and systematically discover hard to replicate
```

this sentence seems incomplete

### Configuration

1. **Go to the Anecdote integration**

>    - Visit the Anecdote integration page on the Datadog website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Visit the Anecdote integration page in your Datadog application.
```

2. **Click Install to install the integration**
   - On the Anecdote integration page, click the "Install" button to begin the installation process.

3. **Click Connect [Accounts][1]**

>    - After clicking "Install," you will be prompted to connect your Anecdote account with your Datadog account. Click "Connect Accounts" to proceed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - After clicking "Install," you are prompted to connect your Anecdote account with your Datadog account. Click "Connect Accounts" to proceed.
```

4. **Sign into your Anecdote account**

>    - You will be redirected to the Anecdote login page. Enter your Anecdote account credentials to sign in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - You are redirected to the Anecdote login page. Enter your Anecdote account credentials to sign in.
```

5. **Navigate to the Integrations section**
   - Once signed in, navigate to the Integrations section within your Anecdote account.

6. **Find the Datadog integration**
   - In the Integrations section, search for and select the Datadog integration.

7. **Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located**
   - Enter the region where your Datadog Workspace is located. This ensures that the integration points to the correct Datadog server.

8. **Authenticate your Datadog account with the integration**

>    - You will be redirected to the Datadog website to authenticate your Datadog account. Log in with your Datadog credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - You are redirected to the Datadog website to authenticate your Datadog account. Log in with your Datadog credentials.
```
